a freckled man comes to the church and the
father asks him hello said fear
Welcome to the house of the Lord of the Sipán
and freckles I have up in the ass
one year
I repeat I was driving your new car
when he passes in front of the church
reaches to see the priest of the neighborhood and
says come pepito
it's been a long time since you came to church
let's pray a Lord's Prayer
Pepito with a worried face
answer no father I can not go to me
steal my car the father takes it from the
hand and they say pose my son no
worry the holy spirit will take care of
your car once the father is finished
our
Pepito says in the name of the father of
son amen the priest looks at him and says
no no no
I repeat forgotten cases how to pray to see
repeat it again in the father's name
of the son amen no no no no says
desperate the priest to see that pepito
I insisted with the same
you say in the name of the father of the son
amen and the holy spirit has already forgotten
that is taking care of my car
[Applause]
I do not want to take away much time
many credits to give so for
start I wanted to mention that the video
past the riddle the count sent it to me
black and I forgot to give him the credit so
to be on hand with which the
affected perfect already has his character
Now let's continue. I've been receiving
many photos of support sample via
facebook to redman I remind you I'm going to
give preference to what is a photo
real with a sign that says something about
Asthma won the best character
and they will be published the day we arrive
to 25 thousand subscribers as well or more
easy to have your character now if
the freckles joke sent him
Mauricio Bristle and give him in basin the
pepito sent it
nicole barrionuevo wood muñoz vera y
bastián enríquez keep sending jokes
and his joke can be chosen for
next videos I leave you with the riddle
of sarita aguilar if 100 years ago
venezuela is written with v like
write today
[Music]